HOW TO BUILD
------------

Several batch files for building YouTube Downloader are provided:

  build.bat .......... Main build script. You can control the build options,
                       such as compiler used or specific features, using
                       arguments such as "delphi5" or "nogui". You can get
                       a list of the most important arguments using argument
                       -h (or -?).

  build-locale.bat ... Script for building a new .pot file for translators.
                       It requires that DxGetText http://dxgettext.po.dk is
                       installed and set up in PATH.
                       (This script really should be a part of build.bat,
                       but I wanted to keep it separate for the people who
                       don't want to install DxGetText.)

  build-rel.bat ...... Quick script for building a release. It builds and
                       compresses the regular version, the Lite version and
                       the sources. It is unlikely you'll ever want or need
                       to use this script.

  clean.bat .......... Delete all unneeded files - backup files, compiled unit
                       files, IDE trash etc.

Below you'll find notes on building with specific compilers. If a compiler is
not listed here, I didn't try it and you are on your own (though I would
appreciate any feedback regarding builds using these compilers). You can 
contact me through my discussion forum:

http://forum.pepak.net

(At the time of writing this file, registration was NOT required to post.)



Delphi 5
--------

- Main development platform, should always work, with all features.
- Use the "delphi5" argument with build.bat.



Delphi 2009
-----------

- Not yet ready for use. I intend to get it working one day, though.
- Use the "delphi2009" argument with build.bat.



Free Pascal
-----------

- Works, but is not recommended since many of the features will be lost:
  GUI is not available at all, probably forever, and GetText (support for 
  localizations) is removed pending appearance of an implementation that 
  actually works. Also, the executables are MUCH larger than those made by
  Delphi. But if you want to build YouTube Downloader using free tools only,
  you can.
- Executable files compiled by FreePascal require pcrelib.dll. It is located
  in Source\Lib\PerlRegEx.
- Use the "fpc nogui" argument.
